Last lesson we set up our Ajax request function and we're returning back the response data.
So in this particular API we're going to try to pull out the results information so we don't need to
look at any of the other stuff.
We just need results.
So let's make sure that we're looping through and we're pulling all of the results out.
So notice that it's within a range.
So we can loop through those results and then output those within our application.
So let's set that up and let's also take a closer look at some of the data that's being returned back.
So we've got categories entertainment correct answer.
So we've got a number of different options here for the answer or we could do like a true or false.
I think some of them are true or false.
So these are all multiple choice.
It's important to look through the data to make sure that you can accommodate it within the application
as you're designing it.
So we see that there's a number of incorrect answers that we need to provide.
So we would have to pull this information back loop through it and output it for the user to be able
to see and we can also query just each individual question or we could pull them all in and have a little
mini application.
But in this case it's going to make more sense if we simply pull back one and then every time the user
wants another question then we simply pull out that question.
So it's going to make it a lot more make a lot more sense within this type of project and we see that
we've got questions and we've got correct answer is true.
So sometimes the format is different so this one is a boolean value and this time it's a multiple choice
type question.
So we know with Boolean that we don't have incorrect answers.
We just have the correct answer which is true or false.
So the correct answer is always within that same format but these are changing.
So we have to keep that in mind as well.
And with this we simply we know that it's within an array format.
So we just want to return back that first item.
So there we go so we've got our basic structure of the question and we're ready to start building this
within our reach to Mel.
So let's create a div given an ID of output.
So this is where our content will go.
We also need another one for is going to give this one an idea of score.
So we need to track that.
Correct.
So we're going to create an object here.
And so one one value here will be correct.
And currently this value is going to be zero and comma separated out and this one will just call wrong
could call it incorrect as well.
So that's going to give us some information for the scoring.
Let's open up a little bit bigger as well.
So we can take a closer look at some of this code.
So we've got a global variable called answers.
So this is basically going to keep score.
We've got the output that we're going to generate every time the user clicks the button to get more
questions and we're going to actually move the button down the low.
So we've got the sclera the top we've got the output below that.
And then the content there and I'm also going to update this as well.
So that way we have essentially a placeholder for the score.
So we are ready to build the sote and in the next lesson we're going to continue to build out what our
question is going to look like.
We've got the core mechanics of the game set up and ready to go.
So we've got scoring we've got an output area for the question and we need to generate.
So we're going to generate all of these questions and answers and then we're going to add an event listener
to listen for the click and then we're going to check to see if the correct answer was selected and
if it is then we're going to score one for correct and if it was wrong then we'll score one for wrong
and that's how we're going to keep score there.
And next we just have to build out what the going to look like within that output element.
So it's coming up.